Adding class and methods for wwinference model fit (#58)
CDCgov/ww-inference-model: vignettes/wwinference.Rmd

pre-compiled model(`model`) to `wwinference()` where they are combined and
used to fit the model.

```{r fitting-model, warning=FALSE, message=FALSE}

> ww_fit <- wwinference::wwinference(

Reviewer: Can we call the `print()` method and `summary()` method to demonstrate how they work?

    infection_feedback_pmf = infection_feedback_pmf,
    params = params
  ),

>   fit_opts = get_mcmc_options(iter_warmup = 100, iter_sampling = 100),

Reviewer: This makes sense-- confirming though that it didn't result in diagnostic issues?

Reviewer: But I think we should add some language around this saying that we used a smaller number of warmup and sampling iterations here as an example then we would recommend for production?

Author: Missed modifying that! Will reverse the change.

  compiled_model = model
)
```

# The `wwinference_fit` object

The `wwinference()` function returns a `wwinference_fit` object which includes
the underlying and the underlying
[`CmdStanModel` object](https://mc-stan.org/cmdstanr/reference/CmdStanModel.html)
 (`fit`), a list of the two sources of input

> data (`input_data`), the list of the arguments passed to stan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
data (`raw_input_data`), the list of the arguments passed to stan
```

> (`stan_data_args`), and the list of the MCMC options (`mcmc_options`) passed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`stan_data_list`), and the list of the MCMC options (`fit_opts`) passed to
```

stan. We show how to generate downstream elements from a `wwinference_fit`
object.

## Extracting the posterior predictions

Working with the posterior predictions alongside the input data can be useful
to check that your model is fitting the data well and that the
nowcasted/forecast quantities look reasonable.

We will generate a dataframe that we'll call `draws_df`, that contains
the posterior draws of the estimated, nowcasted, and forecasted expected
observed hospital admissions and wastewater concentrations, as well as the
latent variables of interest including the site-level R(t) estimates and the
state-level R(t) estimate.

We can generate this directly on the output of `wwinference()` using:
```{r extracting-draws}
draws_df <- get_draws_df(ww_fit)
```

### Using explicit passed arguments rather than S3 methods

Rather than using S3 methods supplied for `wwinference()`, the elements in the
`wwinference_fit` object can also be used directly to create this dataframe.
This is demonstrated below:

```{r extracting-draws-explicit}

> draws_df_explicit <- get_draws_df(

Reviewer: @gvegayon Question for my understanding -- I thought that this would call the `.default` method, since we haven't specified the `.dataframe` method. Wouldn't that mean that this should throw an error?

Author: We now have a data.frame method ;).
